hey how's it going Dave QD here and this
is the one plus five and one plus is a
company which at this point doesn't need
an introduction this is their flagship
phone for 2017 I think this is the
best-looking one plus phone to date it
has a double camera on the back and
because they place it in the top left
corner it's going to look similar to the
iPhone 7 plus it's a very clean and
minimal looking design super thin phone
it's coming at 7.25 millimeters it's the
thinnest phone yet and I like how it
looks I think a lot of people will
mistake this for an iPhone 7 plus I
guess depending on who you are or what
you want your phone to do that could be
a good thing or a bad thing I don't love
the antenna lines I know they have to be
somewhere but these look a little too
Apple II for me and if you want to hide
them you can just get a skin from dbrand
that'll also protect the finish and make
it less slippery I'll leave a link for
them below it has great build quality
again and in its naked form it's
comfortable to hold but it's really
smooth I'm not sure if it's the
anodization process or the finish of the
metal but it's a very slick device it
has the alert slider again with three
positions and an LED notification that
has user customizable colors the display
is still five and half inches and it's
still 1080p and I think it's the right
choice
outside of VR because it's like the
perfect balance between good resolution
and good battery life it has - charge
again if you're not familiar with -
charge it's basically really fast
charging for the phone the oneplus
3-headed and i got to be honest i think
this is the best feature of the entire
oneplus line if you ever fall asleep and
you don't charge your phone when you
wake up in the morning you're like oh my
god I have no battery you plug it in for
20 minutes while you're getting ready
and you're good to go for most of the
day now there's a few things that
haven't changed that I'm not a fan of
they didn't change the position of the
fingerprint sensor and I know this is a
subjective thing I would have preferred
it on the back and just prefer them on
the back it's still in the front and it
still only has a single speaker on the
bottom I know a lot of people don't care
about that but it's something I care
about and it's also not IP rated it's
probably water-resistant to some degree
it's just not officially certified with
any kind of number it's running oxygen
OS again and a lot of companies put a
thick coat of like third-party sauce on
their software I've always liked the way
that oxygen OS feels it's basically
stock but with a few extra tweaks to
give it some more function out
so a few things that have changed it has
Bluetooth 5.0 so you get better speeds
better range and support for two
headphones at once it's running a
Snapdragon 835 and it uses some speedy u
FS 2.1 memory so the combination of a
fast processor with fast storage makes
it very zippy when doing anything so
when you're unlocking the phone
launching the camera launching apps
using apps it's a quick phone the
battery is 3300 milliamp hours which is
bigger than one plus three but smaller
than the one plus three T that was
thirty four hundred millionth errors and
there were rumors there would be four
thousand milliamp hours it's not it's
3300 but because of the more efficient
processor the oneplus 5 has better
battery life than the previous
generations it's still a full day
battery though it's not even close to
being a two day battery but with -
charge on this thing I'm content with
battery life there's another thing I
need to mention oneplus as a company has
matured over the years and one of the
issues that had in the beginning was
customer service I had one of the
original oneplus ones and I had a
nightmare returning that thing for
repairs it was just I think was like a 2
or 3 month process and it's just jumping
through hoops and flames was just not a
fun process 1 + 3 T a week and a half
two weeks without a phone sent it back
no issues and if you fill in forms you
look at XDA or just go on reddit their
customer service has improved so much
over the years at this point in time I
would consider them equal to some of the
bigger companies out there now the big
upgrade this year is the camera dual
camera system with a lot of bloods about
this thing because oneplus announced
that they were working with DX l mark to
make something pretty awesome and well i
think it is so right off the RIP the
camera launches super fast and that's
step one of any good smartphone camera
double-click in your in photos I took in
well-lit environments look great the
colors look proper nothing feels
oversaturated or over-processed photos
and low-light look good as well as long
as it's not too dark there exposed
properly this is obviously some grain
but it's nothing too bad I did notice
though when it's really dark the camera
seems to overcompensate and tries to
make it brighter than it needs to and it
just ends up looking really grainy the
autofocus is fast and it has portrait
modes from the dual cameras for some of
that creamy bokeh but the most
impressive thing to me was the dynamic
range on this camera so dynamic range is
how well a camera can differentiate
between the dark
and brightest areas of a single photo so
this is a photo of the Sun and some
buildings this is a very difficult shot
to capture the Sun is so bright that
everything else is going to look dark in
comparison this is how the 1+5 captures
it it's pretty good right I think the
camera on this thing is really solid now
image quality is subjective and it's
kind of hard to crown one as like the
best camera or the winner of the cameras
but I will say this at this price point
that sub $500 price point this thing has
the best camera right now
now speaking of price the one plus five
cost four hundred and eighty dollars for
the 64 gig model which makes it really
price competitive the one plus five is
packed with awesome hardware for the
money it's like the poster boy of the
appropriately price smartphone it has a
premium aluminum build the little
slippery get a D brand skin for it it
has a five and a half inch 1080p screen
and it's got a fingerprint sensor up
front on the back we have the dual
camera system 16 megapixel main shooter
20 megapixel telephoto and combined they
deliver some very impressive photos
especially in regards to dynamic range
inside it's packed with the fast
processor fast storage and six gigs of
RAM for the base model the upgraded
model has eight gigs of RAM if you're
interested and then the battery is 3300
milliamp hours and it will comfortably
last you a full day of heavy use there
are a lot of phones in the sub $500
market and a lot of them are good but
I've had to make a recommendation right
now in mid 2017 it would be this one one
plus five really impressed with it this
year hope you guys enjoy this video
thumbs be liked it subsequent it see you
guys next time
[Music]